Add user documentation for the BigQuery source. (#123)
streamnative/pulsar-io-bigquery: docs/google-bigquery-source.md

| `tableName`                  | String | Yes      | "" (empty string) | The Google BigQuery table name.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `credentialJsonString`       | String | No       | "" (empty string) | The authentication JSON key. Set the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` to the path of the JSON file that contains your service account key when the `credentialJsonString` is set to an empty string. For details, see the [Google documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/quickstarts/quickstart-client-libraries#before-you-begin). |

> | `queueSize`                  | int    | No       | "" (empty string) | The buffer queue size of the source. It is used for store records before they are sent to Pulsar topics. By default, it is set to 10000.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queueSize`                  | int    | No       | "" (empty string) | The buffer queue size of the source. It is used for storing records before they are sent to Pulsar topics. By default, it is set to `10000`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `snapshotTime`               | long   | No       | -1                | The snapshot time of the table. If not set, interpreted as now.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `snapshotTime`               | long   | No       | -1                | The snapshot time of the table. If it is not set, it is interpreted as now.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | `sql`                        | String | No       | "" (empty string) | The SQL query on BigQuery and save the computed result in a temporary table. The temporary table has a configurable expiration time,and the source-connector automatically deletes the temporary table when the data transfer is completely. The projectId and datasetName use values in config,and the tableName will be generated by UUID.                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sql`                        | String | No       | "" (empty string) | The SQL query on BigQuery. The computed result is saved in a temporary table. The temporary table has a configurable expiration time, and the BigQuery source connector automatically deletes the temporary table when the data is transferred completely. The `projectId` and `datasetName` gets values from the configuration file, and the `tableName` is generated by UUID.                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| `expirationTimeInMinutes`    | int    | No       | 1440              | The expiration time in minutes until the table is expired and auto-deleted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `maxParallelism`             | int    | No       | 1                 | The max parallelism for reading. The maximal number of partitions to split the data into. Actual number may be less if BigQuery deems the data small enough.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `maxParallelism`             | int    | No       | 1                 | The maximum parallelism for reading. In fact, the number may be less if the BigQuery source connector deems the data small enough.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | `maxParallelism`             | int    | No       | 1                 | The max parallelism for reading. The maximal number of partitions to split the data into. Actual number may be less if BigQuery deems the data small enough.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `maxParallelism`             | int    | No       | 1                 | The maximum parallelism for reading. In actual, the number may be less if the BigQuery source connector deems the data small enough.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `selectedFields`             | String | No       | "" (empty string) | Names of the fields in the table that should be read.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `filters`                    | String | No       | "" (empty string) | A list of clauses that can filter the result of the table.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `checkpointIntervalSeconds`  | int    | No       | 60                | The checkpoint interval(in units of seconds). By default, it is set to 60s.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `checkpointIntervalSeconds`  | int    | No       | 60                | The checkpoint interval (in units of seconds). By default, it is set to 60s.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

      configs:
        # projectId is BigQuery project id.
        #
        # This field is *required*.
        #
        projectId: bigquery-dev-001
        # datasetName is BigQuery dataset name.
        #
        # This field is *required*.
        #
        datasetName: babynames
        # tableName is BigQuery table name.
        #
        # This field is *required*.
        #
        tableName: names2021
        credentialJsonString: SECRETS
    ```

* JSON

    ```json
    {
        "name": "source-test-source",
        "className": "org.apache.pulsar.ecosystem.io.bigquery.BigQuerySource",
        "namespace": "default",
        "topicName": "google-bigquery-source-test",
        "parallelism": 1,
        "archive": "connectors/pulsar-io-bigquery-source.jar",
        "batchSourceConfig": {
        "discoveryTriggererClassName": "org.apache.pulsar.ecosystem.io.bigquery.source.BigQueryOnceTrigger"
        },
        "configs": {
            "projectId": "bigquery-dev-001",
            "datasetName": "babynames",
            "tableName": "names2021",
            "credentialJsonString": "SECRETS"
        }
    }
    ```

## Work with Function Mesh

> You can create a [CustomResourceDefinitions (CRD)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) to create a Google Cloud BigQuery source connector. Using CRD makes Function Mesh naturally integrate with the Kubernetes ecosystem. For more information about Pulsar source CRD configurations, see [source CRD configurations](https://functionmesh.io/docs/connectors/io-crd-config/source-crd-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a [CustomResourceDefinitions (CRD)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) to create a Google Cloud BigQuery source connector. Using CRD makes Function Mesh naturally integrate with the Kubernetes ecosystem. For more information about Pulsar IO source CRD configurations, see [source CRD configurations](https://functionmesh.io/docs/connectors/io-crd-config/source-crd-config).
```
